update-locall-test-flow (#23)
golemfactory/golem-wiki: Products/Brass-Beta/gWASM.md

### Quick start - testing gWASM locally

?> This tutorial is based on our Devcon5 gWASM workshops `hello world!` example. If you would like to set up your own Golem Unlimited cluster then follow instructions at [devcon5 worksops page](https://devcon.golem.network)

In this quick tutorial you will

* Install Rustlang (*stable version 1.38.0*) and emscripten (*1.28.45-fastcomp*)
* Download latest gWASM runner (Command line tool for running gWasm compatible apps locally, via Golem Unlimited or via Brass Golem.)
* Run simple `hello world` task

---

#### 1. Prerequisites

Make sure that you have **Rustlang** and **emscripten** installed on your machine. 

**2.1.** [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) - **stable version 1.38** 

open up your console/terminal and paste:

**2.1.1. Installation:**

```bash
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
```

**2.1.2. Toolchain version:**

```bash

> rustup toolchain add 1.38.0

Reviewer: Hmm, why are we forcing version `1.38.0` here?

Author: By @prekucki recommendation, as this stable of toolchain was tested and works properly with emscripten fastcomp backend `1.38.45-fastcomp`

> [Follow installation instructions](/Products/Brass-Beta/Installation.md). Remember that it is required to run in the background during gWASM computations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Follow installation instructions](/Products/Brass-Beta/Installation.md). Remember that it is required to run Golem instance in the background during gWASM computations.
```

Reviewer: Somehow the lack of subject in this sentence made it sound weird.

---

#### 2. Prerequisites

Make sure that you have **Rustlang** and **emscripten** installed on your machine. 

> * [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) - rustup toolchain add nightly `rustup target add wasm32-unknown-emscripten --toolchain nightly` TODO [JK - Rust issue link]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) - rustup toolchain add nightly `rustup target add wasm32-unknown-emscripten --toolchain nightly` (**NB** it is currently necessary to rely on the `nightly` toolchain due to a bug with the Emscripten target in Rust, which has already been fixed -- see [rust-lang/rust#67976](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/67976) for reference -- however, won't land in stable for a couple of releases. Once it lands in stable, we'll update the docs. Until then, please use the `nightly` toolchain to build your gWasm apps using Rust.)
```

Author: @nieznanysprawiciel is testing all the steps on Windows. Yesterday it worked on MacOs so it should also work smoothly on Linux systems.
